Update PII docs (#12712)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/docs/pii-management.mdx

Each Kafka topic must have a `name` field and an `anonymization_rules` field. The `name` field specifies the name of the
Kafka topic. The `anonymization_rules` field specifies the `id` of the anonymization rule list to be used for the Kafka topic.

### Streaming anonymized events to Rasa X/Enterprise with Kafka

Streaming anonymized events to Rasa X/Enterprise is only supported for Rasa X/Enterprise versions `1.3.0` and above.
In addition, you must use the Kafka event broker, other event broker types are not supported.

You can stream anonymized events to Rasa X/Enterprise via Kafka by adding the `rasa_x_consumer: true` key-value pair to
the `anonymization_topics` section:

```yaml
event_broker:
  type: kafka
  partition_by_sender: True
  url: localhost
  anonymization_topics:
    - name: topic_1
      anonymization_rules: rules_1
      rasa_x_consumer: true
    - name: topic_2
      anonymization_rules: rules_2
```

If multiple Kafka anonymization topics contain the `rasa_x_consumer` key-value pair, the anonymized events will be streamed

> to the Kafka topic that is mapped to the first Kafka anonymization topic that contains the `rasa_x_consumer` key-value pair.

Reviewer: by first, do you mean the first topic in the list of anonymization_topics?

Author: Yep, I'll make this clearer in this sentence 👍🏻

We strongly recommend to run with log level INFO in production.
Running with log level DEBUG will increase the assistant's response latency because of processing delays.
:::

Note that running `rasa shell` in debug mode with a Kafka event broker might result in logs related to the event publishing
to be printed to console **after** the bot message. This behaviour is expected because the event anonymization and publishing

> is done asynchronously as a background task and completes after the assistant has already predicted and executed the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is done asynchronously as a background task so it will complete after the assistant has already predicted and executed the
```
